Yo, isn't this Miss Shangguan?
Just call me by my name
Shangguan Linglong is the beauty of our school
I didn't expect so many years to pass
Still so elegant?
Hey brother wang
It's all here.
Brother Wang is getting better and better now
He is an executive of a billion-dollar company
Brother Wang returns to China this time
Don't forget to bring your old classmates along.
Okay, okay, okay.
Linglong long time no see
Don't misunderstand the outside
Hugging is the most fundamental benefit
Even so
This is Mansion Land.
Still follow the rules here
Xiaolong, who is he?
Introduce
This is my husband, Ye Feng
Hello, my name is Ye Feng
No need to shake hands
I'm a neat freak.
Wang Yalei, what does this mean?
It doesn't make much sense.
Come on, let's go in. It's my treat today. Okay?
I didn't expect him to become like this after so many years
Are we still going to eat this meal?
Go why not go
Someone hired an assassin
Can we not go?
Come on.